website: update API Gateway docs for v0.1.0 GA release (#12416)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/api-gateway/api-gateway-usage.mdx

   <CodeBlockConfig>

   ```shell-session

>    $ helm install consul hashicorp/consul --version 0.41.0 --values values.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   $ helm install consul hashicorp/consul --version 0.41.1 --values values.yaml
```

   ```

   </CodeBlockConfig>

## Usage

1. Verify that the [requirements](#requirements) have been met.
1. Verify that the Consul API Gateway CRDs and controller have been installed and applied (see [Installation](#installation)).

> 1. Configure the artifacts described below in [Configuration](#configuration). If the following config is added to the `values.yaml` Helm config, the GatewayClassConfig and GatewayClass will be created automatically, and only the Gateway, Listeners and Routes will need to be configured manually. The [`serviceType`](https://www.consul.io/docs/k8s/helm#v-apigateway-managedgatewayclass-servicetype) for a managed GatewayClass will default to `LoadBalancer`, which is appropriate for most deployments to managed Kubernetes cloud offerings (EKS, GKE, AKS) - other deployments, such as to a [kind](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/) cluster, may require specifying `NodePort` or `ClusterIP` instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Configure the artifacts described below in [Configuration](#configuration). 
```

I missed this too. That's why I added the "note" your next comment below is about. I'm going to incorporate your revised text into the note below.

- [Gateway](#gateway): Defines the main infrastructure resource that links API gateway components. It specifies the name of the `GatewayClass` and one or more `listeners` (see [Listeners](#listeners)), which specify the logical endpoints bound to the gateway's addresses.
- [Routes](#routes): Specifies the path from the client to the listener.

> -> ** Note:** If `managedGatewayClass` is enabled in the Helm chart, a `GatewayClassConfig` and `GatewayClass` will be created automatically and should be configured via [Helm chart options](https://www.consul.io/docs/k8s/helm#v-apigateway-managedgatewayclass) instead of this custom resource.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-> ** Note:** Add the following `managedGatewayClass` configuration to the `values.yaml` Helm configuration to enable the `GatewayClassConfig` and `GatewayClass` to be created automatically. The gateway, listeners, and routes will need to be configured manually. When `managedGatewayClass` is enabled, the [`serviceType`](/docs/k8s/helm#v-apigateway-managedgatewayclass-servicetype) for a managed `GatewayClass` will also default to `LoadBalancer`, which is appropriate for most deployments to managed Kubernetes cloud offerings (i.e., EKS, GKE, AKS). Other deployments, such as to a [kind](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/) cluster, may require specifying `NodePort` or `ClusterIP`, instead.
```

```

</CodeBlockConfig>

### MeshService

> MeshService holds a reference to an externally managed Consul Service Mesh service, and can be used as a `backendRef` for a [`Route`](#route).

Author: I think technically it would be a "custom resource", so an object - this reads fine though with your suggestion, can always revise later.

| ------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- | --------------- |

> | `name`                      | Specifies the service name for a Consul service. It is assumed this service will exist in either the `consulDestinationNamespace` or mirrored Consul namespace from where this custom resource is defined, depending on the Helm configuration.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `name`                      | Specifies the service name for a Consul service. Consul assumes that this service will exist in either the `consulDestinationNamespace` or a mirrored Consul namespace from where this custom resource is defined, depending on the Helm configuration.
```
Is that right? That Consul is doing the assuming in this description?

Reviewer 2: No. The point it is making is that the service needs to already exist. This isn't going to create the named service.
